we all know you should take a sick day
or a mental health day or even a
personal day but a financial day
is just as important
[Music]
you deserve to take time to get your
life in order when you aren't on edge
and under pressure
employers if you're watching this you
should also think about giving your
employees a financial health day
throughout this series i've shared ways
that you can change your environment so
you can spend less
and save more but the secret ingredient
for each tip has been time
calling your credit card company to
change your interest rate takes time
deleting an app off your phone takes
time and if you haven't had time to put
these changes into action
this is your chance mark a day on your
calendar right now
to devote to reorganizing your finances
really commit to this date and make that
day as productive as possible
but here are the big headlines that are
the most important to cover both from
earlier episodes
and beyond so first i want you to focus
on your fixed expenses
take the day to evaluate your bills can
you truly afford your housing payment
is it time to start looking for a
cheaper place do you need to switch to a
low-cost cell phone provider
do you need to trade in your car for
something else this
is the day where i really want you to
think about those large fixed expenses
and make
that one time change number two sign up
for the boring but necessary stuff
do you have life insurance no sign up
now are you enrolled in your company's
401k
no sign up now are you contributing
enough to that 401k
no edit your contribution rate right now
number three
if you haven't already talk to your
significant other about money
get on the same page it matters visit
the link below for a list of questions
to help get you started
number four create a singular savings
goal
you can start by setting up an automatic
plan so that a portion of every paycheck
goes directly into your savings account
number five start paying off your debt
every week not just
every month maybe it's your credit card
debt or your mortgage debt or whatever
you have
you'll end up reducing more of your debt
over the course of a year
if you pay that debt more often number
six
renegotiate your credit card interest
rate and change your payment due date
get on the phone call your credit card
company and make your credit card
company
work for you number seven use technology
to your advantage
redesign your online environment by
unsubscribing from
all your shopping newsletters and
install an ad blocker
you can't spend on what you can't see
number eight
delete those distracting delivery apps
number nine
now my tips are not all about cutting
back spending i want you to spend on
things that increase your happiness
so focus on experiences on spending time
with others
and on expenditures that help save you
time like
hiring someone to clean your house or
mowing your lawn that will save you time
and boost your happiness
number 10 last but certainly not least
schedule another financial health day
for a few weeks later
chances are you'll need to revisit some
of the things you started today
i know all of this may seem tedious or
boring but it's better to make these
vital changes when you have the time to
think about them
and not under the stressful conditions
when we usually make these very
important decisions
not every day can be a spa day but i
think a financial day will leave you
feeling soothed
and pampered